hello dear friends gardeners and
gardeners words of all i'm glad to see you
welcome on your channel in the garden whether
in the garden and as always with you Julia me
him and today we'll talk about
zucchini is about zucchini
a lot of questions come in
how can you get the squash
ordinary zucchini squash gave very
good rich harvest for many
it turns out only one barren and and
Squashes no others have something going on
Squashes are rotting and generally can not
no way to ripen in general very very
there are many misunderstandings with
zucchini what I want to say now
principle you can still plant in
open ground zucchini but zucchini have
see exactly the garden namely varieties
early maturing which you will quickly begin
bears fruit and will bring you good fall
the harvest
these zucchini are usually not from
cheap I generally say you
I warn somewhere not more than twenty
rubles a few seeds
but these zucchini bush and also as
Cucumbers I can call them this word
prating tropical practically in them
no male flowers but here I have
ordinary zucchini planted what to do
to zucchini squash began to bear fruit
the very first thing you should
in general, for myself as grit have
expression hack on the nose is zucchini
likes humus rotted manure it on
we teach him
bliss then he grows and bears fruit
with full dedication what else do I want to say
it’s raining and pretty
the weather drops then it's warm here
it's cold so we must be with you now
already take care of that cucumbers in
open group
mute zucchini all pumpkin and pumpkin
watermelon not ill powdery mildew
it is generally a cold rainy disease and
temperature difference if here we are
let's see you see very green
funny such leaves all but here
powdery mildew
Here are very similar as these leaves
this leaves are not sick this is such a sort
zucchini powdery mildew
here the leaves are covered with such bloom
what should we do was a rain
you take usual brilliant green
Zelenka in the pharmacy and 40 drops of Zelenka on
10 liters of water and ran with
sprayer all pumpkin cucumbers
our zucchini processed everything quickly
you know if not working and not
to process plants then in general
then they will surely get sick it may be
40 drops of iodine it can be 5 tablets
metronidazole is all i say at 10
liters of water to spray on the neck here
plant so they do not hurt Well
now let's see sometimes
happens zucchini we begin to rot
rot and starts here as saying
I'll find you now
and you show me to you separately
I got a squash now I do not think I
I did not find, in general, I would like you to
show that when the zucchini began and
the flower did not fall off
Here sometimes you look like he is
expression we can already say he
soled you must go and
remove all those faded
here as if on zucchini here these
I just wanted to remove the flowers
show you but I don't have it here
now that long-awaited with us came
you at the moment when we will collect
crop to tank
neat major
we are not cutting off
and cut off here you see here about this
but here you see dried up and when they go
rains it may be and not dry and
how would the zucchini be rotting here
let 's look at this
so I need a prize and this is our zucchini
look wrong what good to me
asking questions where are you so much
plant a lot of it all very pretty
many here like zucchini I want you
say this is great food for chickens for
birds for lu so we not only eat them
themselves and we harvest but also feed the bird
together with the pipe with bran stir
and they are very good with pleasure it
everyone eats
and now we 'll see how zucchini
it's my zucchini planted in a tire
how zucchini feel in the open
ground
let 's go here zucchini here
planted in open ground they are planted
so here we go in a row only.
and again here's the next one
look if you look carefully
almost all of them are tied Well
this one didn't start we tear off you see
what are already zucchini and if you look closely
you look they are all lined with me
rotted manure that is for them but
it is a necessary food and it is
need here again look here
So you see here and the goal here publican
so the little thing I told you you need
clean so that the zucchini does not rot zucchini
also very very responsive typesetting
acid like cucumbers you can for
better set and treat 2
grams per 10 liters of water, perhaps all
that's all i wanted you
say about zucchini about zucchini which
grow in tires
and in the open ground goodbye to new
meeting you was Julia me him bye